Caught up in circles.
I don’t know which way to turn.
My heart rules;
Had my head fooled.
Too late, I’ve fallen in love.
To do what’s right
Is a constant fight.
Don’t want to let my heart decide.
I want God’s Word to be my guide.
It’s so hard to break free.
This desperate heart inside of me
Makes wrong feel right and right feel wrong,
But Jehovah makes me strong.
He says: “Know that I love you.
“I don’t want to lose you.
Trust in me in all you do.
I’ll be here to help you through.”
Our life is shaped by the choice we make.
We have to realize what’s at stake.
Right from the start,
it’s a war for our heart,
But it’s ours to give away.
To safeguard it means our life.
Looking back, the choice I made
To do things Jehovah’s way
Seemed so hard, emotion’s strong,
But Jehovah helped me along.